Frequently Ask Questions!!!


Datenschutz:
 F: Why does Hoccer need access to my personal information like contacts or browser history?
 A: In Hoccer you can throw your contacts or bookmarks. Thats why Hoccer need access to these informations.

 F: What happens with my files send to hoccer server?
 A: All files will be deleted within 24 hours.


Technisch:
 F: What is the max. range to hocc something?
 A: We ensure you can hocc between 100 meter.

 F: Can I hocc files between Android and iPhone?
 A: Yes you can hocc trow and catch files between android and iPhone. 

 F: How can I hocc my files without using a gestures?
 A: Not on the phone. Only on this site you can throw and catch without to make a gesture.

 F: How can I hocc between my phone and my computer?
 A: On this site you can throw and catch files. You just have to locate your position on the map.

 F: Can I hocc if I haven't an GPS connection?
 A: At first Hoccer try to match the acces points. If both have a internet connection within the same accespoint you doesn't need a GPS Connection to throw and catch files. Second Android try to get a location from your acces point, but keep in mind this must not be very accurate.

 F: Why do I have to synchronize all my contacts on Android 2.x ?
 A: 

 F: How does Hoccer transport the files from phone to phone?
 A: At first there is no Bluetooth! Hoccer need an internet connection. When you do a throw the phone sends the file attached with a location to a server. When another does a catch the location will also send to the server. If both are in range the file will be send to the receiver.


Fetures:
 F: What happens to the tap gesture?
 A: Temporally we dactivated the tap gesture. We will reactivate it soon.

 F: Will hoccer be able to throw other files like ZIP or PDF?
 A: Yes it will. We are working on and hope we can release this feature soon.

 F: Can I hocc my files to my friends only?
 A: Currently not. If someone catches in range at the same time he will also get the file.

 F: How can I hocc to one person only?
    

Allgemein
 F: Why can I not see Hoccer in the android market?
 A: If you have an Android version wich is not supported by Hoccer you can't see the App in the market. That's a definition by Google.


Support:
 F: Which Android version are supported by Hoccer?
 A: Hoccer currently supports the Android up to 1.5.

 F: Why does hoccer not work correctly on HTC Hero or Tatto ?
 A: We fixed some Bugs on these devices. We hope Hoccer will now work properly on them.

