= Welcome Text =

Are you tired of typing contact details into your mobile phone although the
contact is standing right in front of you? You need to exchange data with a
large number of people at the same time? You want to share a presentation with
your audience right now? If the pain involved with these scenarios is familiar
to you, then HOCCER is the answer. HOCCER allows you to share your data using
intuitive gestures without the need for cumbersome on-screen keyboards.


= Others =

Please note that this software provides no data security whatsoever. Your thrown
data could be intercepted by parties that the information is not intended for.

Please hold your phone as firmly as possible when you hocc your data and avoid
hoccing (or any other kind of gestures) while you have slippery palms (e.g. due
to sweat, moisture or gloves). ART+COM Technologies GmbH is not responsible for
any kind of damages that may occur due to incorrect use of your mobile phone.

> 1 x "About" Text, d.h. was ist Hoccer, wer hat's gemacht, wo gibt es
>     mehr info's (hoccer.com), wen muss ich anrufen um Geld los zu
>     werden, usw.

Hoccer is the application for ad hoc data sharing. There is no need for prior
exchange of contact details. Simply "throw" your data through the air and let
the recipiants "catch" it. Please check http://www.hoccer.com for further
information and usage video.

> 1 x "Welcome" Text für die Webseite

Welcome to Hoccer, the ad hoc data sharing application for your Android phone.
Everyone knows the pain of entering contact details with on-screen keyboards,
just because you want to exchange a photo or a website. HOCCER is the solution:
With simple, intuitive gestures you can share your data with others.

Use HOCCER for ad hoc...
...exchange of your contact details with a friend (one-to-one)
...sharing of your presentation (one-to-many)
...exchange of everyones contact details (many-to-many).

oder


oder

HOCCER! Throw your data!  Ad hoc data sharing for a new generation....

